Hi again.
I will now show you how to implement RNNs.
I'll be talking about scan functions,
which are just like abstracts RNNs,
which allow for faster computation.
So what's are scan functions,
and how do you implement them?
To do this, I will show you how the
function scan is implemented in tensorFlow
for computing the forward pass in RNNs.
The scan function is designed
to take a function fn, and
apply it to all of the elements from the
beginning to the end in the list elems.
Initializer is an optional variable that
could be used in the first computation
of fn.
Now take this RNN where
fn is equivalent to fw.
Elems is the list with all
the inputs x superscript t, and
the initializer is the hidden state
as h superscript t subscript 0.
The scan function first initializes
the hidden states as h superscript
t subscript 0, and sets the ys which store
the prediction values as an empty list.
Then for every x in the list of elements,
fn is called with x,
and the value of the last
hidden state is arguments.
So this four loop computes
every time step of the RNN, and
stores the values of the prediction and
hidden states.
Finally, the function returns the list of
predictions, and the last hidden state.
You might think this
function is unnecessary,
because it is essentially a four loop
through every time step of the RNN.
However, Frameworks like Tensorflow
need this type of abstraction
in order to perform parallel computations,
and run on GPUs.
I showed you how the scan
function is defined in Tensorflow
to mimic how RNNs work.
It is important to know that these types
of abstractions are needed for deep
learning Frameworks, because they allow
them to use GPUs, and compute in parallel.
Now that you know about scan functions,
you will use them in this
week's programming assignments.